this game is played on a grid which helps with checking range, line of sight, 
movement, etc. The models have a front facing, a rear facing, and two side facings. 
The grid will have things on it that can be interacted with, obstacles, terrain, 
items, etc.

A starting character builds a deck of 30 cards available from the starting character 
card pool. You may not include more than 3 copies of an individual card.

Your character has one "head" slot, one "torso" slot, a "left arm" slot, a "right arm"
slot, and one "feet" slot. You may begin the game with equipment already occupying 
these slots rather than shuffled into your deck. These would have various active 
and passive abilities.

you have a belt that can hold belt items (wands, potions, scrolls). these tend to 
be disposable items, a neat way for the DM to give loot and a great way for the 
character to ahve some abilities at the ready. starting belt can hold 3 belt 
items. you can have more shuffled in your deck, but you'd have to equip them to 
an empty slot on your belt before they could be used. This applies to all 
"equipment" type items. you can carry spares, but obviously they will be sort 
of dead in your hand unless your shit breaks.

The DM can give "Crit" cards to the players as rewards. these would get 
shuffled into the players deck, but would be removed from the deck after they 
are used. for instance "When you draw this card, reveal it. gain +2 focus of 
your choice. draw a card."

The DM can give "Fumble" cards to the players as punishments. these would get 
shuffled into the players deck, but would be removed from the deck after they 
are used. for instance "When you draw this card, reveal it. next turn you 
dont generate any movement. discard a card at random."

Flow of a turn:
Start by generating focus and movement.
play cards by spending the appropriate focus cost. You may save focus 
and movement for subsequent turns.
spend movement, 1 movement per space for open terrain.
draw a card (two cards?) at the end of your turn.
there will be cards with the reaction type that you can play on an opponents turn.
NPCs do not necessarily even have a deck, maybe just a hand. but they CAN have a deck.


characer sheet:
tracking mechanism (beads, dice, slider?, pen and paper?)
dexterity focus
magic focus
strength focus

movement (rogue)
starting/maximum hand size (wizard)
health (fighter)

slots:
head
torso
feet
l arm
r arm


card types:
Reactions
status (nausea, cop red)(local enchantments)
Equipment (takes up one of the slots)
Actions
Crits
Fumbles
Companions

You cannot cast spells unless you have an item
equipped with Channel. 

card ideas:
melee attack
melee block (response card)
charge (costs action and movement)
attack of opportunity (response card)
Ranged weapon attack
surefooted move (move bonus, ignore a dangerous/difficult move)
rootvine spell
resist poison (response card)
Stab (crappy melee attack, but gets a huge bonus if in opponents rear facing)
disarm (opponent drops one of their hand items -- gone until this combat is over?)
flashbang
dodge (response card)
fireball
counterspell (response card)
basic heal

